Update dev guide FAQ to introduce the new renew model (#70)
GoogleChrome/OriginTrials: developer-guide.md

### 10. Can I request a token for an origin that I don't own?
  - Yes, you can technically request a token for an origin that you don't own. However, generating the token won't cause the feature to be enabled on that origin - unless it is served in the pages on that origin (either in the \<head\> or as an HTTP header). Also note that these features have held up to the same high security and privacy standards as any other feature in Chrome.
### 11. Why do tokens expire before the trial ends?
  - The trial may have been extended after your last registration. Each token contains the
      expiration date and cannot be updated, so you must renew to generate a new token in this
      case. We'll also send you an email to invite you to renew and continue participating in the
      trial.

>   - Prior to Jan 27, 2021, tokens were issued to be short-lived, lasting 6 weeks until they expire. 

Reviewer: Nit: Use the full month name.
```suggestion
  - Prior to January 27, 2021, tokens were issued to be short-lived, lasting 6 weeks until they expire. 
```

>   - Prior to January 27, 2021, tokens were issued to be short-lived, lasting 6 weeks until they expire. 

Reviewer: I think we can change this to February 3.

  This means that large production sites can try out experimental features, *but* they must take
  care to limit usage to a suitable portion of their traffic.

>   ### 20. What are the options for usage retrictions on tokens? <a name="usage-restrictions"></a>

Author: <a> is not considered void element so we should explicitly write a closing tag, otherwise it's treated with a starting tag without an end, making the next bit of text a link.

  - User Subset: A small percentage of Chrome users will always be excluded from the trial, even
      when a valid token is provided. The exclusion percentage varies for each trial, but is
      typically less than 5%.

>   ### 21. What does the _Valid Until_ date mean for my tokens?

Reviewer: I suggest defining an explicit anchor, rather than relying on the auto-generated one.
```suggestion
  ### 21. What does the _Valid Until_ date mean for my tokens?  <a name="valid-until"/>
```

>   - Tokens are guaranteed to be accepted by Chrome up to the _Valid Until_ date. It is calculated

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
  - Tokens are guaranteed to be accepted by Chrome up to the _Valid Until_ date. This date is calculated
```

      based on your feedback, initially set to 6 weeks after the token is created.
  - Feedback is required every 6 weeks to extend the _Valid Until_ date in order to keep
      participating in the trial. 
  - Before the _Valid Until_ date arrives, we'll send an email to invite you to provide feedback
      and continue participating in the trial.

>   - Tokens without any feedback in the past 6 weeks will automatically be disabled via remote

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
  - Tokens without any feedback in the past 6 weeks will automatically be disabled by a remote
```

>       processes after a grace period.

Reviewer: NIt:
```suggestion
      update process after a grace period.
```

  - We will send a last warning email before disabling the token. This will be your last chance

>       to provide feedback and keep the token active. After that your token will stop working on

Reviewer: Maybe use "accepted" as earlier, and be more explicit about what "stop working" means?
```suggestion
      to provide feedback and keep the token active. After that your token will no longer be accepted by
```

>       Chrome.

Reviewer: ... continued:
```suggestion
      Chrome, and will not enable the experimental feature on any page.
```

  - You can still provide feedback after the token is disabled. However, the token will not be
      re-enabled immediately, even though the _Valid Until_ date is updated. The process to disable
      and re-enable tokens runs periodically, and it takes some time for the remote updates to
      reach the majority of Chrome clients.
  - We issue tokens this way for a number of reasons, most importantly:
    - To prevent experimental features from becoming "burned in" to the web platform. With
        shorter-lived tokens, we can ensure that no site can use a feature for more than a month or
        two, without checking in with us.
    - To provide an opportunity to collect feedback on features from web developers. Feedback is
        required to extend the lifespan of the token.
    - To ensure active trial participants can benefit from the trial without the overhead of
        repeatedly deploying new tokens.

> ### 22. How do I keep my tokens active for the entire trial?

Reviewer: Ditto for adding an explicit anchor tag.

> ### 22. How do I keep my tokens active for the entire trial?

Author: ```suggestion
### 22. How do I keep my tokens active for the entire trial? <a name="valid-until-feedback"/>
```
